what's going on guys it's matthew here
with Gaza University and I'm finally
back with another case review for the
HTC Thunderbolt oh right now I have a
package in front of me I just got it in
the middle so this is a complete
unboxing fresh from case-mate this is
the pop case for the HTC Thunderbolt and
let's go ahead and get right into it I'm
actually pretty excited about this case
up I really like these speck candyshell
cases but they don't make one right now
for the HTC Thunderbolt I did hit them
up i have not gotten a response yet for
any plans to make one but i'm having a
hard time getting this opening there we
go but i love the gel inside and then
the hard shell plastic on outside estee
think it's like the perfect design
alright we have the case inventory sheet
and the advertisement and a 20-percent
coupon code for another product which is
great because that is exactly what i use
to get this when i bought the galaxy tab
barely there case i got a twenty percent
coupon so this does run I think 34 99 @
case mate com so it is on the expensive
side but we getting very good protection
here let's go ahead and open it up
I can't open anything today all right
here we go all right so you get a little
cutout of a HTC Thunderbolt inside to
kind of keep everything in place if you
look inside of the case you have a
little indication a little indication a
little engraved embossed however you
want to call it the word hola which is a
goodbye in German and what you see here
is you have any hard shell plastic case
on the outside and you have a rubber on
the side now inside you got a very soft
rubber filling so the device is going to
slide right in and fit very tight and
then you're going to get the protection
and the reinforcement from the plastic
shell so as you can see it's a little
flexible where there's rubber and then
it's still pretty hard it's pretty
strong plastic all the cutouts are still
available 3.5 millimeter headphone jack
this is covered up in rubber your power
button is you get your flash and your
LED season your microphone and then your
LED and flat and camera flash and all
that stuff then you have your kickstand
opening and i'm not sure what the heck
this is i really don't even know and
then on the bottom you have your other
microphone and volume markers are
covered by a rubber piece right here
alright let's go ahead and install it as
you can tell i have a body guards on the
back and i have a screen shield from
body guards on the front and as you
can't even really tell i have a screen
protector that's pretty good no bubbles
on this one too so it's quite a slide it
in here and see how it fits
oh that's tight fits like a glove that's
very that's a very tight fit won't come
out as you can tell I'm shaking it as
hard as I can that's what she said and
it looks very good you can see the
little loop of carbon fiber little piece
and ahead look at it look at a big
overview still have access to your micro
USB port Oh almost dropped it but I
wouldn't care because I have a strong
case three point five millimeters
exposed like I said the cutouts are
pretty precise it's not intruding over
the LED flash and over the camera piece
at all let's see how it works power
button is very very sturdy
yeah everything works good everything
fits really well volume rocker very easy
to use power button takes some getting
used to it it's very hard it's not hard
to push as far as you have to press it
multiple times is just you have to get
used to having to press a little bit
harder because of the rubber is a little
stiff but i'm pretty sure that will
loosen up over time and man i'm really
like in this case it's a really good
case I chose not to get the black when I
chose to get the white one only because
I think the white and the grey would
look better with the carbon fiber as
well as the black when you get cases
like this with the black with the
plastic on the back they tend to scratch
really easy and I know it sounds dumb
but I like my cases to look a little new
I mean I do kind of cover up a very
beautiful device so I figured and all
these should cases should kind of
withstand some wear and tear but the
white when it's not going to show us
many scratches that's why I got it and
just another thing to add to is there's
a case mate cut out right here and the
case-mate logo is actually rubber so
that will go well when you're laying it
down and you maybe have it somewhere you
don't want it to slide I don't know
really what that would be used for also
I want to take note of the lay on the
table design you have a rubber lip
around the screen around the bezel so if
you do your phone like this a lot you
won't have any problem with it alright
guys it's been my review and unboxing of
the case-mate pop case for the HTC
Thunderbolt I hope you guys liked it so
far so good i like it i think that it's
a good buy i will let you guys know in a
couple weeks or so how I think about it
and how it holds up I don't drop my
phone costs so I can't really say if
it's going to last a drop or anything
but if you guys want to donate your HTC
Thunderbolt for me to test it and I
definitely will do that alright guys
it's been Matthew y'all take care see
you in my next video peace